# Alpha - A better learning tool

Alpha is an open source project with the aim to build a suite of learning tools that improve upon the experience of learning for school provided by existing tools like Quizlet.

## Disclaimer

This is mostly a personal project, where we create the software and tools that we have a need for as well the motivation and the time to implement them. Although the final aim is to create an integrated learning toolset, that point might never be reached if we don't have the time and/or personal motivation to do so. 

That being said, if you have an idea that you would see fit well in this project, then feel free to create an issue about it or even a PR if you whish to contribute and implement it.

## Current features

Currently, the alpha project consists of the following systems:

- KaYeet - An in-class, interactive multiplayer learning game
- SimplyTrain ([simplytrain branch](https://github.com/melektron/alpha/tree/simplytrain)) - A quick and dirty vocabulary "trainer" (more like just a list of vocabulary translations) that is hard-coded with a list of vocabulary that we need for our tests.

For these systems, the following applications exist:

- Alpha Web Client: This is the main  web application for alpha that currently contains:
  - KaYeet client
  - Other framework testing- and development pages
- SimplyTrain website: A hand-written HTML+JS webpage that can show a configured number of random vocabularies from a selection of sets. The webpage files (templated) and randomly generated vocab lists are generated by a Python Flask backend
- KaYeet Server: A python-based UI application that hosts a KaYeet game. The UI is to be projected in the classroom for everyone to see, clients can connect to the server (assuming it routed to be publicly accessible) and answer questions in Text, Selection, and Yes/No style. The clients are ranked by speed and accuracy.
- Tools
  - KaYeet Test Client: A test UI client for KaYeet written in Python. This is not up-to-date and may not work together with the most recent server version